出典: フリー百科事典『ウィキペディア（Wikipedia）』 移動: ナビゲーション, 検索  この項目「ZIPコード」は途中まで翻訳されたものです。（原文：en:ZIP code（21:24, 4 April 2010）） 翻訳作業に協力して下さる方を求めています。詳細はこの項目のノートページや履歴、翻訳のガイドラインなどを参照してください。翻訳情報の要約欄への記入をお忘れなく。このタグは2010年4月に貼付されました。   この記事の内容の信頼性について検証が求められています。確認のための文献や情報源をご存じの方はご提示ください。出典を明記し、記事の信頼性を高めるためにご協力をお願いします。必要な議論をノートページで行ってください。このタグは2007年12月に貼り付けられました。   ZIPコード利用を推奨する1963年の郵便公社の掲示物  ZIPコードはアメリカ合衆国郵便公社（USPS）が使用する郵便番号制度である。ZIPという文字は Zone Improvement Plan の頭字語で[1]、正式には大文字で書くが、同時に高速でものが移動する動作やその音を表現する英単語 zip とかけて、差出人が住所に郵便番号を用いることで郵便がより能率的に、従ってより速やかに届けられることを示すために選ばれた。基本的な形式は、5つの数字からなっている。拡張 ZIP+4コードは、5桁のZIPコードにハイフンと追加の4桁の数字が加わるもので、基本のZIPコードを単独で用いるよりも詳細な場所を指定することができる。「ZIPコード」という言葉は、当初、郵便公社によりサービスマーク（商標の一種）として登録されていたが、現在では登録期限満了となっている[2]。目次 1 背景1.1 ZIP + 41.2 Postal bar code  2 Structure and allocation2.1 By geography2.1.1 ZIP codes only loosely tied to cities2.1.2 Division and reallocation of ZIP codes  2.2 By type/use  3 Other uses3.1 Delivery services3.2 Statistics3.3 Marketing3.4 Legislative districts3.5 Internet  4 See also5 References6 外部リンク    [編集] 背景 「Zipコードを使おう」シールは、ZIPコード利用を促進するのにも用いられた。  アメリカ合衆国郵政省（USPOD）は1943年に広域都市に郵便区画を実施した。例えばこうなる。Mr. John Smith3256 Epiphenomenal AvenueMinneapolis 16, Minnesota 16はミネアポリス市における郵便区画の番号である。1960年代初頭までに更に多くの一般的な体制が必要となり、1963年7月1日、強制力を伴わないZIPコードが全国に告知された。郵便局の従業員であったロバート・ムーンは、ZIPコードの父とみなされている。郵便監察官であった1944年に提案を行った。郵便局はムーンにZIPコードの最初の数字3つについてのみ信認を与え、郵便集中局（SCF）は「sec center」とも呼ばれているという。SCFはこうした数字3つを用いた中央郵便処理機関である。SCFはZIPコードの最初の数字3つのついた郵便局全てに郵便を分配している。郵便はZIPコードの最後の数字2つによって分配し、早朝に対応する郵便局に送られる。集中局では郵便は配達せず、一般には公開されず（庁舎には一般公開された郵便局が入っているが）、殆どの労働者は、夜間勤務で雇われている。郵便局で回収した郵便は、午後に地域のSCFに送られ、そこで郵便は夜間に分配される。広域都市の場合、最後の数字２つは、以前の郵便区域番号と符合していて、従ってこうなる。Mr. John Smith3256 Epiphenomenal AvenueMinneapolis, Minnesota 55416 1967年、こうした数字は、第二種郵便と第三種郵便に義務付けられ、この制度はまもなく広く採用された。アメリカ合衆国郵政省はZIPコード利用を広めるのにキャラクター（Mr. ZIP）を利用した。一束の切手に「ZIPコードを使おう」というような標語と共に印刷されることも珍しくなかった。奇妙なことに郵政省はZIPコードを広める切手を発行した1974年、Mr.ZIPは使われなくなった。[編集] ZIP + 41983年、アメリカ合衆国郵便公社は「プラスフォーコード」とか「アドオンコード」、「アドオン」と呼ぶことも珍しくない「ZIP+4」と呼ぶ拡大型のZIPコード制度を使用し始めた。郵便公社にはウェッブサイトで特徴となる「ZIPコードを見付ける」があり、光学文字認識（OCR）に最も合致した住所形式を示している。ZIP+4は効率的な郵便物の分配と配達の手助けとなる特別な認識機を用いられる街区やアパート群、高度な郵便受領機のような数字5つの配達区域内に住所地域を認識する基本的な数字5つのコードに数字4つを加えたものを使用している。新しい形式を広く用いようとする当初の目的は、広範な抵抗に遭い、現在ではプラスフォーコードは必要とされていない。一般に郵便物は住所から正しいZIP+4コードを殆ど簡単に認識し特別な配達地点と共に数字11個に対応する郵便物の表面のPOSTNETバーコードをスキャンするマルチライン光学文字読み取り機（MLOCR）で読み込んでいる。私書箱には一般的な（しかし不変ではない）決まりとしてそれぞれの私書箱に独自のZIP+4コードが付いている。アドオンコードは次のものの一つであることが珍しくない。私書箱番号の最後の数字4つの場合（例：PO Box 58001, Washington DC 20037-8001）、ゼロに私書箱番号の最後の数字3つの場合（例：PO Box 12344, Chicago IL 60612-0344）、あるいは私書箱番号の数字が4つ未満の場合は数字が4つになるように十分な個数のゼロをつける（例：PO Box 52, Garrett Park MD 20896-0052）。しかし定型の決まりがないので、ZIP+4コードは私書箱ごとに調べなければならない。（消印が通常提出される）郵便局長に提出する郵便物にはアドオンコード9998を、郵便局留めには9999を、無料郵便には別の大きい数字を使用するのが一般的である。（下記で述べる）独自のZIPコードにはアドオンコードは決まって0001である。[編集] Postal bar codeファイル:Zip 5 postnet.pngThis is the address shown in the text with the Postnet bar code for the 5-digit ZIP code 55416   This is the address shown in the text with the Postnet bar code for the 9-digit ZIP code 33701-4313  The ZIP code is often translated into a barcode called Postnet that is printed on the mailpiece to make it easier for automated machines to sort. Unlike most barcode symbologies, Postnet uses long and short bars, not thin and thick bars. The barcode can be printed by the person who sends the mail (some word-processing programs such as WordPerfect[3] and Microsoft Word[4] include the feature), or the post office will put one on when it processes the piece. The post office generally uses OCR technology, though a human may have to read the address if absolutely necessary. (The automated machinery has the tendency to paste the coding over the bottom half-inch of postcards, often obliterating the signature. Postcard printers have begun blocking a section off where the barcode will be placed.)People who send bulk mail can get a discount on postage if they have printed the barcode themselves. This requires more than just a simple font; mailing lists must be standardized with up-to-date CASS certified software that adds and verifies a full, correct ZIP + 4 code and an additional two digits representing the exact delivery point. Furthermore, mail must be sorted in a specific scheme and be accompanied by documentation verifying this. These steps are usually done with PAVE-certified software that also prints the barcoded address labels and barcoded sack or tray tags.This means that every single mailable point in the country has its own 12-digit number (at least in theory). The delivery-point digits (the 10th and 11th digits) are calculated based on the primary or secondary number of the address. The USPS publishes the rules for calculating the delivery point in a document called the CASS Technical Guide.[5] The last digit is always a check digit, which is obtained by summing all 5, 9 or 11 digits, taking the residue modulo 10 of this sum (i.e., the remainder after dividing by 10) and finally subtracting this from 10. (Thus, the check digit for 10001-0001 00 would be 7, since 1+1+1=3, 3≡3(mod 10) and 103=7.) An application needs only to print something like /100010001007/ in the 12-point Postnet font to create a valid barcode. The slashes "/" are translated into start/stop characters (one long bar), and each digit is translated into a sequence of two long bars and three short bars.On business-reply mail, the FIM code primarily indicates the orientation (facing) of the mailpiece, since there is generally not a stamp or postage meter imprint containing fluorescent ink (which is usually used by the facing machine to orient mail.) Additionally, FIM codes A and C indicate that a Postnet bar code is present, allowing this mail to bypass the MOCR and go straight to a barcode scanning machine. For that reason, even though courtesy reply mail and metered reply mail are mailed with a stamp or a postage-meter imprint, they typically carry an FIM code, namely FIM A, to indicate that the Postnet bar code is present. The FIM D barcode is used for computer-generated indicia from online postage meters.[編集] Structure and allocation[編集] By geography詳細は「ZIP code prefixes」を参照ZIP codes are numbered with the first digit representing a certain group of U.S. states, the second and third digits together representing a region in that group (or perhaps a large city) and the fourth and fifth digits representing a group of delivery addresses within that region. The main town in a region (if applicable) often gets the first ZIP codes for that region; afterward, the numerical order often follows the alphabetical order. Because ZIP codes are intended for efficient postal delivery, there are unusual cases where a ZIP code crosses state boundaries, such as a military facility spanning multiple states or remote areas of one state most easily serviced from an adjacent state.Generally, the first three digits designate a sectional center facility, the mail sorting and distribution center for an area. A sectional center facility may have more than one three-digit code assigned to it. For example, the Northern Virginia sectional center facility in Merrifield is assigned codes 220, 221, 222 and 223. In some cases, a sectional center facility may serve an area in an adjacent state, usually due to the lack of an appropriate location for a center in that region. For example, 739 in Oklahoma is assigned to Liberal, Kansas; 865 in Arizona is assigned to Gallup, New Mexico; and 961 in California to Reno, Nevada.Geographically, many of the lowest ZIP codes are in the New England region, since these begin with '0'. Also in the '0' region are New Jersey (non-contiguous with the remainder of the '0' area), Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and APO/FPO military addresses for personnel stationed in Europe, Africa, Southwest Asia and aboard vessels based in the waters adjoining those lands; APO/FPO addresses are also used by U.S. diplomatic and consulary facilities. The lowest ZIP code is in Holtsville, New York (00501, a ZIP code exclusively for the U.S. Internal Revenue Service center there). Other low ZIP codes are 00601 for Adjuntas, Puerto Rico; 01001 for Agawam, Massachusetts, and 01002 for Amherst, Massachusetts. Until 2001 there were six ZIP codes lower than 00501 that were numbered from 00210 to 00215 (located in Portsmouth, New Hampshire) and were used by the Diversity Immigrant Visa program to receive applications from non-U.S. citizens.The numbers increase southward along the East Coast, such as 02115 (Boston), 10001 (New York City), 19103 (Philadelphia), 20008 (Washington, D.C.), 30303 (Atlanta) and 33130 (Miami) (these are only examples, as each of these cities contain several ZIP codes in the same range). From there, the numbers increase heading westward and northward east of the Mississippi River, southward west of the Mississippi River, and northward on the west coast. For example, 40202 is in Louisville, 50309 in Des Moines, 60601 in Chicago, 77063 in Houston, 80202 in Denver, 94111 in San Francisco, 98101 in Seattle, and 99950 in Ketchikan, Alaska (the highest ZIP code).The first digit of the ZIP code is allocated as follows:0 = Connecticut (CT), Massachusetts (MA), Maine (ME), New Hampshire (NH), New Jersey (NJ), Puerto Rico (PR), Rhode Island (RI), Vermont (VT), Virgin Islands (VI), Army Post Office Europe (AE), Fleet Post Office Europe (AE)1 = Delaware (DE), New York (NY), Pennsylvania (PA)2 = District of Columbia (DC), Maryland (MD), North Carolina (NC), South Carolina (SC), Virginia (VA), West Virginia (WV)3 = Alabama (AL), Florida (FL), Georgia (GA), Mississippi (MS), Tennessee (TN), Army Post Office Americas (AA), Fleet Post Office Americas (AA)4 = Indiana (IN), Kentucky (KY), Michigan (MI), Ohio (OH)5 = Iowa (IA), Minnesota (MN), Montana (MT), North Dakota (ND), South Dakota (SD), Wisconsin (WI)6 = Illinois (IL), Kansas (KS), Missouri (MO), Nebraska (NE)7 = Arkansas (AR), Louisiana (LA), Oklahoma (OK), Texas (TX)8 = Arizona (AZ), Colorado (CO), Idaho (ID), New Mexico (NM), Nevada (NV), Utah (UT), Wyoming (WY)9 = Alaska (AK), American Samoa (AS), California (CA), Guam (GU), Hawaii (HI), Marshall Islands (MH), Federated States of Micronesia (FM), Northern Mariana Islands (MP), Oregon (OR), Palau (PW), Washington (WA), Army Post Office Pacific (AP), Fleet Post Office Pacific (AP) The next two digits represent the sectional center facility (e.g. 479xx = Tippecanoe County, IN), and the fourth and fifth digits represents the area of the city (if in a metropolitan area), or a village/town (outside metro areas): 47906 (4=Indiana, 79=Tippecanoe County, 06=Purdue University area). When a sectional center facility's area crosses state lines, that facility is assigned separate three-digit prefixes for the states that it serves.[要出典]Despite the geographic derivation of most ZIP codes, the codes themselves do not represent geographic regions; they generally correspond to address groups or delivery routes. Consequently, ZIP code "areas" can overlap, be subsets of each other, or be artificial constructs with no geographic area (such as 095 for mail to the navy, which is not geographically fixed). Similarly, in areas without regular postal routes (rural route areas) or no mail delivery (undeveloped areas), ZIP codes are not assigned or are based on sparse delivery routes, and hence the boundary between ZIP code areas is undefined.For example, U.S. government agencies in and around the capital are assigned ZIP codes starting with 20200 to 20599, which are Washington, D.C., ZIP codes, even if they are not located in Washington itself. While the White House itself is located in ZIP code 20006, it has the ZIP code 20500. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is located in Rockville, Maryland, at ZIP code 20852, but has been assigned by the Postal Service the address "Washington, DC 20555". The United States Patent and Trademark Office used to be located in Crystal City, Virginia at ZIP code 22202 but was assigned by the Postal Service the address "Washington, DC 20231"; however, since its move to Alexandria, Virginia, it uses the ZIP + 4 code 22313-1450.Similarly, the ZIP code for the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, a federally-chartered independent authority, is 20001-6000, even though the physical address of the Authority's office, "1 Aviation Circle",[6] is in Arlington, Virginia.[要出典]Rarely, a locality is assigned a ZIP code that does not match the rest of the state; in other words, a ZIP code may cross state lines. Generally, the locality is so isolated that it is most conveniently served from a sectional center in another state. Examples:Fishers Island, New York, bears the ZIP code 06390 and is served from Connecticut — all other New York ZIP codes (excepting those at Holtsville for the IRS) begin with "1".Some Texas ZIP codes are served from New Mexico (most notably some El Paso ZIP codes) and thus bear codes beginning with "885" (contiguous numerically with 870-884 NM) rather than "799".Returned government parcels from the District of Columbia are sent to ZIP codes beginning with "569", so that returned parcels are security checked at a remote facility (this was put into place after the anthrax scare).Some Arkansas roads north of Bull Shoals Lake can best be accessed by the Protem, Missouri, delivery unit (ZIP code 65733).Fort Campbell (ZIP code 42223), primarily in Kentucky, also has some roads in Tennessee.Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport, despite being located across the Ohio River from Cincinnati in Hebron, Kentucky, uses ZIP code 45275. [編集] ZIP codes only loosely tied to citiesA ZIP code's address and the "city" name written on the same line do not necessarily mean that that address is within that city. The Postal Service designates a single "default" place name for each ZIP code. This may be an actual incorporated town or city, a subentity of a large city or an unincorporated census-designated place. Additional place names, also of any of these types, may be recognized as "acceptable" for a certain ZIP code. Still others are deemed "not acceptable", and if used may result in a delay in mail delivery.Default place names are typically the actual city or town that the address is located in. However, for many cities that have incorporated since ZIP codes were introduced, the actual city name is only "acceptable" and not the "default" place name. Many databases automatically assign the "default" place name for a ZIP code, without regard to any "acceptable" place names. For example, Centennial, Colorado, is divided among seven ZIP codes assigned to "Aurora", "Englewood" or "Littleton" as its "default" place names. Thus, from the perspective of the U.S. Postal Service, the city of Centennial does not exist—it is part of Aurora, Englewood or Littleton. In the ZIP-code directory, Centennial addresses are listed under those three cities. And since it is "acceptable" to write "Centennial" in conjunction with any of the seven ZIP codes, one can write "Centennial" in an address that is actually in Aurora, Englewood, or Littleton, as long as it is in one of the shared ZIP codes."Acceptable" place names are often added to a ZIP code in cases where the ZIP-code boundaries divide them between two or more cities, as in the case of Centennial. However, in many cases only the "default" name can be used, even when many addresses in the ZIP code are in another city. For example, approximately 85% of the area served by the ZIP code 85254, to which the place name "Scottsdale, Arizona," is assigned, is actually inside the city limits of neighboring Phoenix. This is because the post office that serves this area is in Scottsdale. This has led some residents of the ZIP code to believe that they live in Scottsdale when they actually live in Phoenix. A Scottsdale website listing the positive and negative aspects of the city mentioned the 85254 ZIP code as a positive aspect because "Scottsdale" is being used for businesses located outside the Scottsdale city limits.The result of this is that sometimes people must use the name of a different city than their own. An example is Missouri City, Texas, which is in both Harris and Fort Bend counties and is a suburb of Houston. The portion that is within Harris county is within the ZIP code 77071, which must use the city "Houston" instead of Missouri City. A tiny portion of the city of Houston is in Fort Bend county in the ZIP code 77489, and residents there must use the city "Missouri City" for their address even though they are within the city limits of Houston. A former mayor and a city council member in Houston lived in Fort Bend county and were accused of not living in Houston since they had an address of Missouri City.[要出典]This phenomenon is repeated across the country. The previously mentioned Englewood is an inner-ring suburb that was built out by the 1960s. Its post office served the area that is now the high-growth southern tier of the Denver metropolitan area, and ZIP codes in this area were assigned "Englewood" as their "default" place name. An employment center as large as downtown Denver has grown in this area, and its office parks are the headquarters for many internationally recognized corporations. Even though they are actually located in other cities, they indicate "Englewood" as their location, as this is the "default" postal place name. As a result, there are really two "Englewoods" — the actual city, small and with a largely working-class residential population, and, a number of miles away, the postal "Englewood," a vast suburban area of upscale subdivisions and office parks that have nothing to do with the city of Englewood yet share a split identity with it solely because of ZIP codes. People who say that they live or work in "Englewood" and identify closely with it may rarely enter the actual city of that name. In Indiana the ZIP code for a town usually indicates the ZIP code for its corresponding township as nearly all of Indiana's small town post offices have rural routes."Acceptable place names" also come into play in areas of the country where many citizens identify more strongly with a particular urban center than the municipality they actually live in. For example, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, has 130 distinct municipalities, but many of the county's residents, and even some residents of adjacent counties, commonly use "Pittsburgh, PA" as their postal address. Similarly, "Hollywood, CA" is an acceptable place name for ZIP code 90028, despite the fact that Hollywood is a district of Los Angeles and not a municipality or census-designated area (the default place name is "Los Angeles, CA").Many ZIP codes are for villages, census-designated places, portions of cities, or other entities that are not municipalities. For example, ZIP code 03750 is for Etna, New Hampshire, but Etna is not a city or town; it is actually a village district in the town of Hanover, which itself is assigned the ZIP code 03755. Another example is ZIP code 08043, which corresponds to the census-designated place of Kirkwood, NJ, but actually serves the entirety of Voorhees Township, NJ. This is also the case in LaGrange, New York, a portion of which is served by the 12603 ZIP code based in the neighboring town of Poughkeepsie. The rest of LaGrange is served by the LaGrangeville Post Office. LaGrangeville is itself, not a town at all, but a section of LaGrange. Willow Grove, Pennsylvania, served by the 19090 ZIP code, is a village that straddles the border of Upper Moreland Twp. and Abington Twp., and that post office also serves a small portion of Upper Dublin Twp. Another example is Armstrong Township of Vanderburgh County, Indiana. While the rest of the county uses the 477 prefix, Armstrong Township, despite having no incorporated town, uses the ZIP code 47617 and addresses itself "Armstrong, Indiana". Furthermore, non-municipal place names may also share ZIP codes with municipal place names. For example, West Windsor Township, New Jersey, is commonly referred to as Princeton Junction in most mailing databases, despite the fact that Princeton Junction is not a city at all. Instead, it refers to a census-designated area within West Windsor.The postal designations for place names become de facto locations for their addresses, and as a result it is difficult to convince residents and businesses that they actually are located in another city or town different from the "default" place name associated with their ZIP codes. Because of the confusion and lack of identity generated by this situation, some cities, such as Signal Hill, California, have successfully petitioned the Postal Service to change ZIP-code boundaries or create new ZIP codes so that their cities can be the "default" place name for addresses within the ZIP code.This confusion also can have financial implications for local governments, because mail volume is among the factors used by the U.S. Census Bureau to estimate population changes between decennial census enumerations. Sometimes local officials in a community that is not the "default" place name for a ZIP code but is an "acceptable" place name will advise residents to always use the name of the community, because if the census estimate of that town's population is low they will get fewer State and Federal funds that are computed based on population. A very typical example of this is Paddock Lake, Wisconsin, whose default place name is Salem, Wisconsin. Paddock Lake is incorporated as a village within the Town of Salem, even though there are more people in the Village of Paddock Lake than there are in the unincorporated parts of the Town of Salem. Further confusion is caused because Silver Lake, Wisconsin, which is also a village in the Town of Salem and is of similar size and status to Paddock Lake, has its own ZIP code and post office.In another case, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) denied a radio station (now WNNX FM) a move requiring a change in its city of license to Sandy Springs, Georgia, in large part because it was "not a city" (until municipal incorporation in late 2005), despite being the seventh-largest place in the state by population. The FCC cited the use of "Atlanta" on letters of support from local organizations, even though the USPS forced them to use Atlanta for 30328 until well after incorporation took effect. Even now, "Sandy Springs" is only "acceptable", despite none of 30328 being in Atlanta, or anywhere else outside the Sandy Springs city limit. This even applies to the ZIP code used only for PO boxes at the Sandy Springs main post office.Because ZIP codes and their associated place names ignore county lines, this also creates problems where street addresses are based on which quadrant of the county they are in. For example, 30339 is Vinings, Georgia, located in southeastern Cobb County; therefore everything is labeled SE, and has a house number on that county's grid (according to the distance from the town square in the county seat). However, because the USPS demands the use of "Atlanta", Vinings addresses are written such that they appear to be in southeast Atlanta, instead of on the opposite (northwest metro Atlanta) side where they actually are. This can also cause problems with 9-1-1 caller location, which in Johns Creek, Georgia led to the death of a person when her ambulance was sent to the wrong address by the emergency dispatcher.[編集] Division and reallocation of ZIP codesLike area codes, ZIP codes are sometimes divided and changed, especially when a rural area becomes suburban. Typically, the new codes become effective once announced, and a grace period (e.g., one year) is provided in which the new and old codes are used concurrently so that postal patrons in the affected area can notify correspondents, order new stationery, etc.[7]Most significantly, in rapidly growing communities it is sometimes necessary to open a new sectional center facility, which must then be allocated its own three-digit ZIP-code prefix or prefixes. Such allocation can be done in various ways. For example, when a new sectional center facility was opened at Dulles Airport in Virginia, the prefix 201 was allocated to that facility; therefore, for all post offices to be served by that sectional center facility the ZIP code changed from an old code beginning with 220 or 221 to a new code or codes beginning with 201. However, when a new sectional center facility was opened to serve Montgomery County, Maryland, no new prefix was assigned. Instead, ZIP codes in the 207 and 208 ranges, which had previously been assigned alphabetically, were reshuffled so that 207xx ZIP codes in the county were changed to 208xx codes, while 208xx codes outside that county were changed to 207xx codes. Because Silver Spring (whose postal area includes Wheaton) has its own prefix, 209, there was no need to apply the reshuffling to Silver Spring; instead, all mail going to 209xx ZIP codes was simply rerouted to the new sectional center facility.ZIP codes also change when postal boundaries are realigned. For example, at the same time at which the above-noted change in Montgomery County took place, and under pressure from then-mayor of Washington, D.C., Marion Barry, the USPS realigned the postal boundaries between the District of Columbia and Maryland to match the actual boundary. Previously, many inner suburbs, such as Bethesda and Takoma Park, had been in the Washington, D.C., postal area. As a result of the change, ZIP codes in Maryland beginning with 200 were changed to new ZIP codes beginning with 207, 208 or 209, depending on their location, and ZIP codes straddling the D.C.-Maryland line were split. For example, 20014 (Bethesda) became 20814, while the Maryland portion of 20012 (Takoma Park) became 20912.[編集] By type/useThere are four types of ZIP codes: Unique (assigned to a single high-volume address), P.O.-box-only (used only for P.O. boxes at a given facility, not for any other type of delivery), Military (used to route mail for the U.S. military) and Standard (all other ZIP codes). As examples of Unique ZIP codes, certain governmental agencies, universities, businesses or buildings that receive extremely high volumes of mail have their own ZIP codes, such as 81009 for the Federal Citizen Information Center of the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA)[8] in Pueblo, Colorado; 30385 for BellSouth in Atlanta; and 21412 for Bancroft Hall, the midshipman dormitory at the United States Naval Academy. An example of a P.O.-box-only ZIP code is 22313, which is used for P.O. boxes at the main post office in Alexandria, Virginia, as well as for the United States Patent and Trademark Office. In the area surrounding that post office, home and business mail delivery addresses use ZIP code 22314, which is thus a Standard ZIP code.The above will be made clearer by examining the allocation of ZIP codes in Princeton, New Jersey:08540 - standard (deliveries in most of the Princeton postal area)08541 - unique (Educational Testing Service)08542 - standard (deliveries in the central area of the borough of Princeton, and also some PO boxes)08543 - PO box only (PO boxes at the main post office)08544 - unique (Princeton University). [編集] Other uses[編集] Delivery servicesDelivery services other than the USPS, such as FedEx, United Parcel Service and DHL require a ZIP code for optimal internal routing of a package. This spares customers from being required to use some Before routing designator, such as the IATA code of the destination airport or railhead.[編集] StatisticsZIP codes are used not only for tracking of mail but in gathering geographical statistics in the United States. The U.S. Census Bureau has data that include the latitude and longitude of the center-point of some ZIP codes (called ZIP Code Tabulation Areas or ZCTAs). The Census Bureau does not keep up-to-date datasets of all ZIP codes. Complete datasets are commercially available.[編集] MarketingThe data are often used in direct mail marketing campaigns in a process called ZIP-code marketing. Point-of-sale cashiers sometimes ask consumers their home ZIP code. Besides providing purchasing-pattern data useful in determining the location of new business establishments, retailers can use directories to correlate this ZIP code with the name on a credit card to obtain a consumer's full address and telephone number. ZIP-coded data are also used in analyzing geographic factors in risk, an insurance-industry and banking practice pejoratively known as redlining. This can cause problems (e.g. expensive insurance) for people living near a town with a high crime rate and sharing its ZIP code, while they themselves actually live in a relatively crime-free town.[編集] Legislative districtsZIP codes can be used to identify legislative districts. For example, the website of the U.S. House of Representatives has a "Find Your Representative" feature in the upper left corner based on ZIP code.[編集] InternetZIP code data is an integral part of dealer/store locator software on many web sites, especially brick-and-click websites. This software processes a user-input ZIP code and returns a list of store or business locations, usually in order of increasing distance from the center of the input ZIP code. As the ZIP system is confined to the US Postal network, websites that require ZIP codes cannot register international customers [1][編集] See alsoZIP Code Tabulation AreaIntelligent Mail Barcode [編集] References^ "International Paper - ZIP (Zone Improvement Plan) Code". International Paper Company. July 10, 2009閲覧。^ "Latest Status Info". 米国特許商標庁. July 10, 2009閲覧。^ "ARCHIVED: How can I print routing bar codes on envelopes? - Knowledge Base". The Trustees of Indiana University. July 10, 2009閲覧。^ "Insert a barcode into an Office document - Word - Microsoft Office Online". Microsoft Corporation. July 10, 2009閲覧。^ "CASS Technical GuidePDF" 40. United States Postal Service (20092010 cycle). July 10, 2009閲覧。^ "Contact Us". Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority. July 10, 2009閲覧。^ Roberts, Sam (March 21, 2007). “An Elite ZIP Code Becomes Harder to Crack”. The New York Times. p.15. http://www.nytimes.com/2007/03/21/nyregion/21zip.html July 10, 2009 髢イ隕ァ縲あ^ "FCIC 窶About Us". Federal Citizen Information Center of the U.S. General Services Administration. July 10, 2009閲覧。For years, consumers have written to Pueblo, Colorado 81009 for timely, practical information they trust.”  [編集] 外部リンクZIP Code Lookup アメリカ合衆国郵便公社ウェブサイト  「http://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZIP%E3%82%B3%E3%83%BC%E3%83%89」より作成カテゴリ: 翻訳中途 - 2010年4月 | 出典を必要とする記事/2007年12月 | 出典を必要とする記事/2009年7月 | 出典を必要とする記事/2009年4月 | 郵便 